I went for school.
He don't speak English.
I doens't have money.
I want going for Guam.
I like here.
He will happy.
I is happy.
I was once out in the foothills of the Absaroka Mountains near my home in southern Montana when I saw a front of windy and snowy weather to come toward me.
Because of the open nature of that part of the upper Yellowstone River Valley, I was able to see the storm coming from a long distance away, but I was so far out on an exposed hillside what I wasn't able to make it to cover before the blizzard hit.
The wind hit with so force that I couldn't stand upright, and there was so much falling and blowing snow I couldn't see much either.
You are much more than just a list of your accomplishments. It's not only what you do, but how you do it what counts in the real scorebook of your life.
Will you do just enough to get by, to let the ball drop in front of you for a base hit?
More importantly, you will have the peace of mind and self-respect that come from knowing what you gave your very best even if you don't end up making the catch.
People everywhere are had their special cultural rites. But symbolically it prepares the cockpit crew for their awesome responsibility of to get every the souls aboard safely to their destinations.
I want to school.
I no speak English.
-
I won't do nothing.
Do you have a few minutes to discuss about this project?
I've loved classical music ever since I was child.
Although I've known him for a while, I still can't believe how much stubborn he is.
-
Culture consisting of the linked stock of ideas that define a set of commonsense beliefs about what is right, what is natural, what works.
Although cultural change is not usually perceptible from day to day, when we look over a longer time span it becomes apparent that even the most fundamental assumptions about morality and the standards by which quality of life should be evaluated is subject to change.
In his 1972 paper, Anthony Downs offers a vivid illustration of the extent of cultural change with his observation which "One hundred years ago, white Americans were eliminating whole Indian tribes without a blink.